Ajay Ko
Hello friends welcome to Addiction so
accident is a word that we
hate that accident cover goes to its
location so it is not like that
still do
not forget to subscribe to Appointment to subscribe the
car met with an accident
so I had to get it
repaired this car Honda
Activa it had no effect on it something
happened to it here it is
covered in the other one so I have to
change it so pray to God that if
any of you have an accident then
half the
city gets damaged first of all you have to see
which insurance you have according to that
here
and
subscribe here so there are two options first you have to
appoint for reimbursement you can do
it yourself second you can get the
subscription done through them you have
taken it home and
subscribe to Appointment and have to
sign for this and then I have told you this
after that let me tell you that if you
need documents I will provide it to you
subscribe to the insurance company  I
called the number and informed them that I have added this number and
subscribe to this channel. It may be a
little different for different
applications. If you subscribe to any channel,
I
handed it over to them. After that they
folded the form and when the time to fill the form came, they
called me and said that after a day, maybe
after a day,
someone from ICC will come to clear the car and will leave your
car in our garage. So
I left my car in their garage
and turned off the gas. The
thing about subscribing is that if you don't call yourself, then
someone else can call for you. If you
want to get it, there is no problem in getting it
for you. Then you can do it with them.
After that, you have to share your details here too.
When we have to fill it and
submit it, at that time an OTP comes on two-three days.
I am telling you this ICC number experience.
After that, I enjoyed my car for three-
four days and hardly went to the salt. My
heart was filled. My watch had been repaired and from
there, I got a call from home saying
that your house was repaired here.  When it comes to
money, you do
n't get subscriptions as quickly as possible,
subscribe, and the
subscription is found in the roots, so let's
spend here ₹4000 for
changing the oil in the railway, I will show you for that,
from there
Chanakya thought that my front arm
hole Mandalgarh is made of metal,
so they have made a payment in it
and it has the highest strength, so
I asked them why the price of painting, then
they told me that my family members should
tell me that this comes without painting,
after that it is painted here,
so we put the crust of friends here, then
it is proved, the rest
I got a slight change done and the front
cover of the oil side was changed,
after that by doing the number plate and the
subscribe in this way, the Chief Minister is there
in front of you,
if anyone knows about this,
money is taken for this for prank, or if this goes, then I am
not aware of the charges for this, if anyone knows about it,
please tell me in the comments, if you understood then
definitely subscribe